
--- PAGE 1 ---
                        AQUALOCK FLEXI


          Premium Acrylic Cementitious Waterproofing Coating
                                                                                          TECHNICAL DATA SHEET VER NO. N.1
PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS
TRUBUILD AQUALOCK  FLEXI  is  two-component,  acrylic-modiﬁed,  high  performance,  elastomeric,  cementitious,
waterprooﬁng membrane coating particularly designed for concrete and masonry surfaces. The powder Part B is mixed with
high build polymer liquid Part A. It forms a ﬂexible and seamless waterproof membrane which acts as an excellent water
barrier for concrete and masonry surfaces. This can be used for both positive and negative side waterprooﬁng due to its high
resistance to hydrostatic pressure. It also provides a lasting protection against eﬀlorescence.
It complies to standards - CFTRI APPROVED & EN 12390-8:2019

                                                     FEATURES & ADVANTAGES








                                                     CFTRI APPROVED            BEST IN CLASS         EXCELLENT ANTI-          EXCELLENT
                                                        NON-TOXIC        ELONGATION AND CRACK        EFFLORESCENCE           HYDROSTATIC
                                                                             BRIDGING ABILITY           CAPABILITY       PRESSURE RESISTANCE

                                                         Can be easily applied by brush
                                                         Excellent adhesion to concrete and masonry substrates
                                                         Environmentally friendly-free from Volatile Organic Compound (VOC)
                                                         Flexible coating
                                                         CFTRI approved hence non-toxic




AREAS OF APPLICATION                                                         PACKAGING







                                                                                                                  48 kg
                                                                                                 12 kg


 • Waterprooﬁng  of  concrete  roofs,  parking  decks,  bathrooms,
 toilets, kitchen, balconies and planter box, etc. • Swimming pools,
 water tanks and reservoirs, etc. • Retaining walls and lift pits, etc.


METHOD OF APPLICATION

Ÿ    All surfaces must be free from oil, grease, wax, dirt or any other form of foreign matter, which might aﬀect adhesion. Spalled
    concrete must be removed completely and it should be repaired by using Trubuild Non-shrink grout HS and Trubuild BWP
    222.
Ÿ    Fill all the existing cracks up to 5 mm by making “V” groove and then ﬁlling it with Trubuild Crackﬁll Paste/Powder. For
    cracks larger than 5mm use Trubuild SBR 333/Trubuild BWP 222 for making polymer-modiﬁed mortar to repair.
Ÿ    Coving should be done at junction to ensure continuity use SBR 333/BWP 222 to PMM.
Ÿ    Substrate should be in “Saturated Surface Dry” (SSD) condition (damp, without standing water) before starting Trubuild
    Aqualock Flexi application.

--- PAGE 2 ---
     AQUALOCK FLEXI
        TECHNICAL DATA SHEET
                     VER NO. N.1


APPLICATION:
Ÿ                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            2Slurry can be applied by brush or trowel with the recommended coverage at the approximate rate of 1.8-2kg/m / 2 coats, to
    achieve 1.2-1.5 mm DFT (minimum two coat should be applied).
Ÿ    Allow the slurry to cure for at least 4 -6 hours before applying a second coat
Ÿ    After the application of second coat for providing mechanical key for the protective screed/ plaster, some coursed sand
    conforming to zone 2/zone 3 should be sprinkled. Allow it to cure for min. 12 to 24 hrs.
Ÿ    Once the second coat is cured, clean the second coat by with the help of soft broom/brush to remove excess sand before
    moist curing.
Ÿ    For eﬀlorescence— apply 2-3 coats of Trubuild Aqualock Flexi on clean bricks followed by plaster using Trubuild IW 111.
MIXING:
Ÿ    Slowly add powder Part B to liquid Part A in a clean container and mix until a smooth and homogenous slurry mixture is
    achieved.
Ÿ    Allow the mixed slurry to stand for 5-6 minutes for releasing entrapped air during the mixing, prior to application. Mixed
    material must be used within recommended pot life.
CURING:
Ÿ    For maximum protection, allow min. 12 to 24 hours curing time after the second coat. After application of the 2nd coat,
    allow the system to air cure for min. 5 to 6 hours. This should be followed by moist curing by sprinkling /spraying of potable
Ÿ    water for 24 hours. After moist curing, the surface should be allowed to air cure for min. 3 to 5 days before covering it with
    screed.
Ÿ     Trubuild Aqualock Flexi requires at least 7 days curing before any ponding test. For any water retaining structure, the ﬁnal
    water should be ﬁlled after 7 days.
PRECAUTIONS

Ÿ    Trubuild Aqualock Flexi is not for decorative treatment.
Ÿ    Avoid application in afternoon and during strong winds. Do not add water in the mix under any circumstances. Apply only
    to sound, prepared substrates and surfaces which should be well dampened but free of surface water and leaks. Do not
    exceed maximum layer thickness.
Ÿ    For waterprooﬁng or damp prooﬁng application, always use at least 2 coats to give a total thickness of between 1.2-1.5 mm.
    In areas of severe water penetration, three coats might be required.
Ÿ    Additional coats may be required from negative side.
Ÿ    Protect freshly applied material from freezing conditions, rains, winds, direct sunlight, etc.
Ÿ    Avoid open to sky application during intermittent rain or on a substrate subjected to standing/ run oﬀ water.
Ÿ    Trubuild Aqualock Flexi does not provide a traﬃcable ﬁnish. In case the roof needs to be made traﬃcable, a screed needs
    to be laid on the ﬁnished system followed by a suitable bonding layer.
Ÿ    New concrete substrate should be fully cured min. 28 days before application of Trubuild Aqualock Flexi.
TECHNICAL PROPERTIES


 S.NO.                    PROPERTIES                                               STANDARD                                                RESULTS
                          Mixing ratio                                                    -                        1:1.4 (Part A liquid:Part Bpowder) by weight
    1.           Set to touch time at 25-27°C (min.)                        ASTM D1640:2018                                                 45
    2.        Adhesion to concrete after 7 days (Mpa)                       ASTM D 4541:2017                                                ≥1
    3.         Tensile strength – on casting (N/mm²)                         ASTM D 412:2016                                                ≥1
    4.                  Elongation at break (%)                              ASTM D 412:2016                                               >150
   5.                Crack bridging ability (mm)                             EN 1062-7:2004                                              Up to 2
   6.       Rapid chloride penetration test (coulombs)                      ASTM C 1202: 2019                                             <2500
    7.                 Food grade certification                            CFTRI certification                                             Pass
    8.                            Toxicity                                      IS 6582:1972                                           Non -toxic
   9.           Water penetration at 5 bar pressure                          EN12390-8:2019                                                 NIL
   10.                      Shore A hardness                                ASTM D 2240:2015                                                70
   11.                  Negative permeability                               ASTM D-7088:2017                                           up to 4 bar
   12.                     Anti-efflorescence                                  SS-500:2015                                                 Pass

--- PAGE 3 ---
       AQUALOCK FLEXI
          TECHNICAL DATA SHEET
                           VER NO. N.1

COVERAGE
Ÿ                                                   21.8-2kg/m / 2 coats @ 1.2-1.5mm DFT (min 2 coats recommended).
NOTE — Coverage always depending upon type and quality of the substrate.

STORAGE
Ÿ    Store in an unopened condition away from direct sunlight.
Ÿ    Use mask, nose cover and hand gloves during application.
Ÿ    Clean hand with soap water after application.
Ÿ    Material should be protected from moisture and kept dry.
Ÿ    Storage temperature 2 - 40°C

CLEANING
Trubuild Aqualock Flexi can be removed from tools and equipment immediately after use with clean water. Hardened material
can be removed mechanically.

SHELF LIFE
12 months from the date of manufacturing








































DISCLAIMER: This technical data sheet replaces all previous versions of it from the immediate effect. The information, and, in particular, the recommendations relating to the application and end-use of
Astral Ltd, construction chemical products, are given in good faith based on our knowledge and experience of the products when properly stored, handled and applied under suitable favourable conditions in
accordance with application instructions recommended in product technical data sheet. In practice, the differences in materials, substrates and actual site conditions are such that no warranty in respect of
merchantability or of fitness for a particular purpose, nor any liability arising out of any legal relationship whatsoever, can be inferred either from this information, or from any written recommendations, or from
any other advice offered. For the products on which company is offering warranty, please refer to warranty document to know entire terms and conditions. The same can be availed on request or from company
website. The values mentioned in the above tables in technical data sheet are obtained in controlled lab conditions when tested properly by competent laboratory. Tolerance up to five to ten percentage on the
lower side from the above values are allowable. Astral Ltd. reserves the right to change the properties of its products without notice. The end user of the product must test the product’s suitability for the
intended application and purpose. Astral Ltd will not bear any responsibilities on the product failure if it is wrongly positioned or if improper application methodology is adopted by the user or the applicator. The
proprietary rights of third parties must be observed. All orders are accepted subject to our current terms of sale and delivery. Users must always refer to the most recent issue of the local product technical data
sheet for the product concerned, copies of which will be supplied on request. No freedom from any patent owned by Seller or others is to be inferred. Because use conditions and applicable laws may differ from
one location to another and may change with time, customer is responsible for determining whether products and the information in this document are appropriate for the customer’s use and for ensuring that
the customer’s workplace, and disposal practices are in compliance with applicable laws and other governmental enactments.

                                                       ASTRAL LIMITED
                                                       CIN: U24295GJ2009PLC058120
                                                       Registered Office: 207/1, ‘Astral House’, B/h Rajpath Club, Off S.G. Highway, Ahmedabad-380059, Gujarat, India.
                                                       P: +91 79 6621 2000 | F: +91 79 6621 2121
                                                       E-mail: customercare@astraladhesives.com   Website: www.trubuild.in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                03