
--- PAGE 1 ---
                           BORETITE

                    Epoxy Based System For Bore Packing
                                                                                             TECHNICAL DATA SHEET VER NO. N.1

PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS
TRUBUILD BORETITE is an epoxy-based, one-pack system specially formulated to achieve leak-free bore packing . It consists of
moisture insensitive resin, hardener, selected ﬁller & backer rod, provides fool proof bonding between PVC /CPVC /Iron pipes and
concrete. It can be used for grouting/sealing gaps of pipe vents in bathrooms, toilet, balconies, roofs, fountains and artiﬁcial lakes etc which
when applied properly, it serves as an excellent waterprooﬁng system for bore.



                                                       FEATURES & ADVANTAGES








                                                          EXCELLENT                EXCELLENT                   HIGH              SELF-LEVELLING
                                                       BOND STRENGTH               VIBRATION               ENDURANCE
                                                                                  DAMPENING

                                                            Excellent bond strength with various surfaces
                                                            High compressive strength
                                                            Higher endurance
                                                            Excellent vibration Self-levelling dampening properties
                                                            Self-levelling




AREAS OF APPLICATION                                                            PACKAGING







                                                                                                                      2 kg

                                                                                                   200 g


 Bore Packing

METHOD OF APPLICATION

Ÿ    Vertical Bore - Clean all types of dirt, oil, grease and loose material from the bore using brush, dry cloth and air blower. Fix
    the backer rod inside gap at min. depth of 35-40 mm from the top of the surface. Then pour Part A and Part B in a container
    and mix it thoroughly until it becomes a homogeneous mixture, then slowly add ﬁller to it and then mix it again properly.
Ÿ    Slowly pour the mix at a single point, until it gets completely poured and it encircles the circumference of bore. Then
    sprinkle the sand upon it to aid bonding to further applied waterprooﬁng coating, then leave it for 24 hours for complete
    curing.

--- PAGE 2 ---
                  BORETITE
          TECHNICAL DATA SHEET
                          VER NO. N.1

PRECAUTIONS

Mandatory and recommended industrial hygiene procedures should be followed whenever our products are being handled
and used. For additional information please read Material Safety Data Sheets.

STORAGE
Product should be stored in a dry place in its original, closed container at temperatures between 2 - 40°C.

TECHNICAL PROPERTIES


  S.NO.                 PROPERTIES                               STANDARD                             RESULTS
     1.                  Physical state                                  -                              Liquid
     2.             Setting time (hour)                            In-House                            24 hours
     3.            Bond strength (MPa)                                   -                          Uo to 3 MPa
     4.            Vibration dampening                                   -                               Good


COVERAGE
Ÿ    Width-5 mm* depth-50 mm- single 200 gm bore packing/ standard packet
Ÿ    Width-10 mm* depth-25 mm- single 200 gm bore packing/ standard packet

NOTE- Coverage may vary as per width and depth.

SHELF LIFE
24 months from the date of manufacturing

























DISCLAIMER: This technical data sheet replaces all previous versions of it from the immediate effect. The information, and, in particular, the recommendations relating to the application and end-use of
Astral Ltd, construction chemical products, are given in good faith based on our knowledge and experience of the products when properly stored, handled and applied under suitable favourable conditions in
accordance with application instructions recommended in product technical data sheet. In practice, the differences in materials, substrates and actual site conditions are such that no warranty in respect of
merchantability or of fitness for a particular purpose, nor any liability arising out of any legal relationship whatsoever, can be inferred either from this information, or from any written recommendations, or from
any other advice offered. For the products on which company is offering warranty, please refer to warranty document to know entire terms and conditions. The same can be availed on request or from company
website. The values mentioned in the above tables in technical data sheet are obtained in controlled lab conditions when tested properly by competent laboratory. Tolerance up to five to ten percentage on the
lower side from the above values are allowable. Astral Ltd. reserves the right to change the properties of its products without notice. The end user of the product must test the product’s suitability for the
intended application and purpose. Astral Ltd will not bear any responsibilities on the product failure if it is wrongly positioned or if improper application methodology is adopted by the user or the applicator. The
proprietary rights of third parties must be observed. All orders are accepted subject to our current terms of sale and delivery. Users must always refer to the most recent issue of the local product technical data
sheet for the product concerned, copies of which will be supplied on request. No freedom from any patent owned by Seller or others is to be inferred. Because use conditions and applicable laws may differ from
one location to another and may change with time, customer is responsible for determining whether products and the information in this document are appropriate for the customer’s use and for ensuring that
the customer’s workplace, and disposal practices are in compliance with applicable laws and other governmental enactments.

                                                     ASTRAL LIMITED
                                                     CIN: U24295GJ2009PLC058120
                                                     Registered Office: 207/1, ‘Astral House’, B/h Rajpath Club, Off S.G. Highway, Ahmedabad-380059, Gujarat, India.
                                                     P: +91 79 6621 2000 | F: +91 79 6621 2121
                                                     E-mail: customercare@astraladhesives.com   Website: www.trubuild.in