
--- PAGE 1 ---
                       BUILDCRETE


               Acrylic Polymer For Waterproofing And Repair
                                                                                          TECHNICAL DATA SHEET VER NO. N.1

PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS
Trubuild Buildcrete is an acrylic polymer-based compound that forms a matrix when mixed with cement with excellent
waterprooﬁng properties. Trubuild Buildcrete enhances the properties of cement slurry/ mortar, making it an excellent
choice to use it in new as well as renovation work. It is ideal for waterprooﬁng of toilet, kitchen, bathroom, terrace, swimming
pool & basement etc.


                                                     FEATURES & ADVANTAGES








                                                     EXCELLENT                UV STABLE          REPAIR & UV STABLE
                                                      BONDING                                     WATERPROOFING

                                                          Excellent bonding
                                                          Good in waterproofing and repair
                                                          UV stable




AREAS OF APPLICATION                                                         PACKAGING







                                                                                                                   5 kg

                                                                                                       1 kg



 • It is ideal for waterprooﬁng of toilet, kitchen, bathroom,
 terrace, swimming pool & basement, etc.


METHOD OF APPLICATION

Step -1
Surface Preparation: The surface should be cleaned by manual/ mechanical means and it should be free from dust, unsound
material, loose plaster, oil, paint, grease, algae and corrosion deposits. Roughen smooth surface by scrubbing before
application. Surface should be brought to Saturated Surface Dry condition before the application of waterproof coating. Use
10-15% Trubuild Buildcrete by weight of cement, in a 1:3 cement and sand mortar for repairing of cracks as per the suitability.
Step- 2
Mixing: For waterproof coating make slurry of Trubuild Buildcrete and cement in 1:2 ratio, by weight. Charge cement into the
Trubuild Buildcrete and mix it slowly to get homogenous mixture. For bond coat, mix Trubuild Buildcrete and cement in 1:1.5,
ratio, by weight & ensure to overlay the repair mortar when the bond coat is still tacky.
Step- 3
Application of coatings: Coating should be applied on a substrate in SSD conditions. Two or more coats are recommended.
First coat should be allowed to air dry for 5-6 hours prior to application of subsequent coat.

--- PAGE 2 ---
               BUILDCRETE
         TECHNICAL DATA SHEET
                          VER NO. N.1


Step-4
Curing: After moist curing for 24 hrs, the surface should be allowed to air cure for 3 to
5 days before laying a protective screed.

PRECAUTIONS

Mandatory and recommended industrial hygiene procedures should be followed whenever our products are being handled
and used. For additional information please read Material Safety Data Sheets and follow the standards.

TECHNICAL PROPERTIES


 S.NO.                                                         PROPERTIES                                                                         STANDARD                               RESULTS
     1.                                                       Physical state                                                                              -                          Viscous liquid
     2.                                                        Appearance                                                                                 -                              Opaque
     3.                                                            Colour                                                                                 -                            Milky white
     4.                                                     Density(gm/cc)                                                                    ASTM D 1475-2013                   Approx. 1.02 ± 0.02
     5.                                                            % Solid                                                                    ASTM D 1644-2001                             30 ± 3
     6.                                                               pH                                                                          IS 9103-1999                                >7
     7.                    Pull of strength(MPa)-14 days(1:2=buildcrete : cement, by wt.)                                                    ASTM D 7234-2022                                 >1
     8.                Compressive strength(MPa)-14 days (15% dosing by wt. of cement)                                                         ASTM C 109-2021                          Approx. 25
     9.                 Bond strength(MPa)-14 days(1:1=build¬crete : cement, by volume)                                                       ASTM C 1042:1999                          Approx. 4
    10.                                               Water absorption- 24hrs.                                                                       Karsten                                 Nil


STORAGE
Store in a dry cool place in the temperature range from 5°C to 30°C under sealed conditions. Do not allow to freeze. Keep
away from direct sunlight

COVERAGE
25-30 sqft./kg/2 coat
NOTE- Coverage may vary due to undulation and porosity of the substrate

SHELF LIFE
24 months from the date of manufacturing








DISCLAIMER: This technical data sheet replaces all previous versions of it from the immediate effect. The information, and, in particular, the recommendations relating to the application and end-use of
Astral Ltd, construction chemical products, are given in good faith based on our knowledge and experience of the products when properly stored, handled and applied under suitable favourable conditions in
accordance with application instructions recommended in product technical data sheet. In practice, the differences in materials, substrates and actual site conditions are such that no warranty in respect of
merchantability or of fitness for a particular purpose, nor any liability arising out of any legal relationship whatsoever, can be inferred either from this information, or from any written recommendations, or from
any other advice offered. For the products on which company is offering warranty, please refer to warranty document to know entire terms and conditions. The same can be availed on request or from company
website. The values mentioned in the above tables in technical data sheet are obtained in controlled lab conditions when tested properly by competent laboratory. Tolerance up to five to ten percentage on the
lower side from the above values are allowable. Astral Ltd. reserves the right to change the properties of its products without notice. The end user of the product must test the product’s suitability for the
intended application and purpose. Astral Ltd will not bear any responsibilities on the product failure if it is wrongly positioned or if improper application methodology is adopted by the user or the applicator. The
proprietary rights of third parties must be observed. All orders are accepted subject to our current terms of sale and delivery. Users must always refer to the most recent issue of the local product technical data
sheet for the product concerned, copies of which will be supplied on request. No freedom from any patent owned by Seller or others is to be inferred. Because use conditions and applicable laws may differ from
one location to another and may change with time, customer is responsible for determining whether products and the information in this document are appropriate for the customer’s use and for ensuring that
the customer’s workplace, and disposal practices are in compliance with applicable laws and other governmental enactments.

                                                    ASTRAL LIMITED
                                                    CIN: U24295GJ2009PLC058120
                                                    Registered Office: 207/1, ‘Astral House’, B/h Rajpath Club, Off S.G. Highway, Ahmedabad-380059, Gujarat, India.
                                                    P: +91 79 6621 2000 | F: +91 79 6621 2121
                                                    E-mail: customercare@astraladhesives.com   Website: www.trubuild.in