
--- PAGE 1 ---
                         CRACKFILL CRACKFILL POWDERPOWDER



            Two-Part Acrylic Cementitious Waterproof CoatingTwo-Part Acrylic Cementitious Waterproof Coating
                                                                                            TECHNICAL DATA SHEET VER NO. N.1TECHNICAL DATA SHEET VER NO. N.1

PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONSPRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS

TRUBUILD CRACKFILL POWDER (formerly known as CFP-525) is a cement-based, polymer modiﬁed powder material for TRUBUILD CRACKFILL POWDER (formerly known as CFP-525) is a cement-based, polymer modiﬁed powder material for
ﬁlling cracks in plastered surfaces. It is composed of cement, selected aggregates, polymer & additives which requires on site ﬁlling cracks in plastered surfaces. It is composed of cement, selected aggregates, polymer & additives which requires on site
addition of water only. Cracks ﬁlled with Trubuild Crackﬁll Powder enhance the subsequent paints’ quality and life.addition of water only. Cracks ﬁlled with Trubuild Crackﬁll Powder enhance the subsequent paints’ quality and life.


                                                      FEATURES & ADVANTAGESFEATURES & ADVANTAGES








                                                           STRONG STRONG         EASY TO USEEASY TO USE REDUCES PAINT REDUCES PAINT ON-SITE ADDITION ON-SITE ADDITION
                                                          ADHESIONADHESION                              CONSUMPTIONCONSUMPTION    OF WATEROF WATER

                                                          Adhesion - Strong adhesion to common Adhesion - Strong adhesion to common As a surface leveller before painting, it As a surface leveller before painting, it
                                                          building substratesbuilding substrates           reduces  paint  consumption  and reduces  paint  consumption  and
                                                          Easy to use - It is a do it yourself product & Easy to use - It is a do it yourself product & increases the life of the paint making it increases the life of the paint making it
                                                          requires only on-site addition of waterrequires only on-site addition of watereconomicaleconomical
                                                          Requires only addition of water on - site Requires only addition of water on - site
                                                          at the time of usageat the time of usage




AREAS OF APPLICATIONAREAS OF APPLICATION                                            PACKAGINGPACKAGING





                                                                                                     1 kg1 kg





 • To  ﬁll  static  cracks  of  3  to  5  mm.  • To  level  undulation  on • To  ﬁll  static  cracks  of  3  to  5  mm.  • To  level  undulation  on
 unplastered or plastered cellings and walls prior to painting. • To unplastered or plastered cellings and walls prior to painting. • To
 provide smooth ﬁnish to brick, stone, and concreteprovide smooth ﬁnish to brick, stone, and concrete

METHOD OF APPLICATIONMETHOD OF APPLICATION

Ÿ    Ensure the joints edges are neat and sound. Make sure that the surface is clean & free from standing water. The surface Ÿ    Ensure the joints edges are neat and sound. Make sure that the surface is clean & free from standing water. The surface
    should be free of loose debris.should be free of loose debris.
Ÿ    Contaminations of oil, grease or bitumen should be completely cleaned.Ÿ    Contaminations of oil, grease or bitumen should be completely cleaned.
Ÿ    Under normal conditions, Trubuild Crackﬁll Powder does not require a primer. However, in critical areas water based Ÿ    Under normal conditions, Trubuild Crackﬁll Powder does not require a primer. However, in critical areas water based
    acrylic or SBR based primer can be used depending on the severity of surface and application.acrylic or SBR based primer can be used depending on the severity of surface and application.
Ÿ    Mixing ratio of Trubuild Crackﬁll Powder  to water varies with respect to area of application.Ÿ    Mixing ratio of Trubuild Crackﬁll Powder  to water varies with respect to area of application.
Ÿ    For ﬁlling deep holes and cracks, reduce the water quantity to get a thicker pasty consistency.Ÿ    For ﬁlling deep holes and cracks, reduce the water quantity to get a thicker pasty consistency.
Ÿ    The ﬁnal mixed product would be a paste of dough consistency. In case further soft consistency is required, measured Ÿ    The ﬁnal mixed product would be a paste of dough consistency. In case further soft consistency is required, measured
    quantity of water can be used.quantity of water can be used.

--- PAGE 2 ---
 CRACKFILL POWDER
       TECHNICAL DATA SHEET
                   VER NO. N.1


APPLICATION
Ÿ    For crack ﬁlling – Fill the mixed paste into the crack by spatula or putty knife blade. Fill excess material and tool it by putty
    knife blade pressing against crack so that air voids get ﬁlled. By wet ﬁnger tool the surface of material in to a concave nature
    by pressing against joint edges.
Ÿ    For surface levelling – The mixed smooth paste should be applied by painter blade on the dampened wall or ceiling. The
    material should be applied in the desired thickness in a bottom- to -up fashion to avoid blade marks. For multiple coat
    applications, the previous coat should be allowed to cure for minimum 6 hrs. The subsequent coat should be at the right
    angle to the previous coat.

PRECAUTIONS
For information and advice on the safe handling, storage and disposal of chemical products, users shall refer to the most
recent Material Safety Data Sheet containing, physical, ecological, toxicological and other safety related data.

TECHNICAL PROPERTIES


 S.NO.              PROPERTIES                      UNIT                   RESULTS                            METHOD
   1.                Appearance                    Visual             Off white powder                            -
   2.                   Colour                     Visual                  Off white                              -
   3.                Setting time                 Hrs: min                    3:10                                -
   4.                Bulk density                   g/cc                      1.44                        ASTM D 7481-18
   5.                   Pot life                  Minutes                      20                        ISO 13007-3-2010
   6.               Tack free time                Minutes                     40                         ASTM C 679-2015
   7.               Dry shrinkage                    %                       0.002                        ASTM C 157-2017
   8.              Pull off adhesion              N/mm2                       0.44                       ASTM D 7234-2021
   9.        Water absorption @ 15 min               ml                        1.2
   10.       Water absorption @ 30 min               ml                       3.6                           Karsten tube
   11.       Water absorption @ 60 min               ml                       5.5
   12.        Water absorption @ 4 hrs.              ml                       9.6
   13.               Mix density                    g/cc                      1.52                                -


PRECAUTION & LIMITATION
Ÿ    Do not apply for cracks of more than 5 mm width.
Ÿ    Do not apply on wet surfaces. Meant for plaster cracks.
Ÿ    Not for application in cracks of structural members, expansion joints & separation gaps.
Ÿ    Not for cracks in POP or painter’s putty.
Ÿ    For application below 10°C, drying time will be delayed.
Ÿ    Container to be tightly closed after application.

CLEANING
Application equipment should be thoroughly cleaned with water after application.

RESTRICTION IN USE
Ÿ    Trubuild Crackﬁll Powder is for static joint ﬁlling only. It is suitable for cracks less than 5mm width.
Ÿ    It does not accommodate any movements and thus it is not suitable for dynamic cracks.
Ÿ    For outside use, Trubuild Crackﬁll Powder must be coated over with exterior paint to prevent water penetration.

--- PAGE 3 ---
  CRACKFILL POWDER
          TECHNICAL DATA SHEET
                             VER NO. N.1


COVERAGE
37.5 running meter per kg (for a depth & width of 5 mm)

SHELF LIFE & STORAGE
Shelf life is 12 months from the date of manufacturing under unopened conditions. Store in a cool & dry place, away from sun
heat.


























































DISCLAIMER: This technical data sheet replaces all previous versions of it from the immediate effect. The information, and, in particular, the recommendations relating to the application and end-use of
Astral Ltd, construction chemical products, are given in good faith based on our knowledge and experience of the products when properly stored, handled and applied under suitable favourable conditions in
accordance with application instructions recommended in product technical data sheet. In practice, the differences in materials, substrates and actual site conditions are such that no warranty in respect of
merchantability or of fitness for a particular purpose, nor any liability arising out of any legal relationship whatsoever, can be inferred either from this information, or from any written recommendations, or from
any other advice offered. For the products on which company is offering warranty, please refer to warranty document to know entire terms and conditions. The same can be availed on request or from company
website. The values mentioned in the above tables in technical data sheet are obtained in controlled lab conditions when tested properly by competent laboratory. Tolerance up to five to ten percentage on the
lower side from the above values are allowable. Astral Ltd. reserves the right to change the properties of its products without notice. The end user of the product must test the product’s suitability for the
intended application and purpose. Astral Ltd will not bear any responsibilities on the product failure if it is wrongly positioned or if improper application methodology is adopted by the user or the applicator. The
proprietary rights of third parties must be observed. All orders are accepted subject to our current terms of sale and delivery. Users must always refer to the most recent issue of the local product technical data
sheet for the product concerned, copies of which will be supplied on request. No freedom from any patent owned by Seller or others is to be inferred. Because use conditions and applicable laws may differ from
one location to another and may change with time, customer is responsible for determining whether products and the information in this document are appropriate for the customer’s use and for ensuring that
the customer’s workplace, and disposal practices are in compliance with applicable laws and other governmental enactments.

                                                          ASTRAL LIMITED
                                                          CIN: U24295GJ2009PLC058120
                                                          Registered Office: 207/1, ‘Astral House’, B/h Rajpath Club, Off S.G. Highway, Ahmedabad-380059, Gujarat, India.
                                                          P: +91 79 6621 2000 | F: +91 79 6621 2121
                                                          E-mail: customercare@astraladhesives.com   Website: www.trubuild.in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            03