
--- PAGE 1 ---
                    PLASTERBOND

                        Bonding Agent for Plaster
                                                                                       TECHNICAL DATA SHEET VER NO. N.1

PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS

TRUBUILD PLASTERBOND is a high-performance polymeric coating consisting of selected ﬁllers and additives that
provides an excellent bond on RCC with gypsum or any other plaster-based wall lining without the need for hacking.




                                                          FEATURES & ADVANTAGES








                                                            EXCELLENT              SINGLE COAT
                                                          BOND STRENGTH            APPLICATION

                                                              Excellent cohesive bond to RCC, Concrete and other surfaces.
                                                              Contains fine aggregates for better mechanical and chemical adhesion
                                                              Application in one coat
                                                              Green colour for easy identification



AREAS OF APPLICATION                                                         PACKAGING





                                                                                                        20 kg





 • Brush application on RCC/ concrete
 • For gypsum plastering or sand cement-based plastering


METHOD OF APPLICATION

Clean all types of dirt, oil, grease and loose material from the substrate. Bring surface to SSD condition for better coverage and
performance of TRUBUILD PLASTERBOND. Mix the material well before use; after opening the container. Apply a single
brush coat on the substrate. After 24 hours, surface will be ready for gypsum plaster or any sand cement based plastering.


Note: Do not apply on wet surface.







                                                                                                                                      01

--- PAGE 2 ---
     PLASTERBOND
    TECHNICAL DATA SHEET
                    VER NO. N.1


TECHNICAL DETAILS

    S.NO.                          PROPERTIES                                         STANDARD                                            RESULTS
       1.                          Physical State                                             -                                             Liquid
      2.                            Appearance                                                -                                            Opaque
      3.                                Colour                                                -                                             Green
      4.                        Setting time (HR)                                       In house                                          24 hours
      5.                      Bond strength (MPA)                                       In house                                        Up to 1 MPA


COVERAGE                                                                                                                            SHELF LIFE

Ÿ    40-50 sq.ft/kg/coat                                                                                                            Best before 6 months from the date of
Note:    Single coat application only required. Don’t Mix water it will                                                             manufacturing
               reduce the eﬃciency of chemical. Coverage may vary due to
               undulation and porosity of substrate.


HANDLING & STORAGE

HANDLING: Mandatory and recommended industrial hygiene procedures should be followed whenever our products are
being handled and used. For additional information please read Material safety data sheets.
STORAGE: Product should be stored in a dry place in their original, properly closed containers at temperature between
2 - 40°C. Chemical should be consumed once opened
























DISCLAIMER: This technical data sheet replaces all previous versions of it from the immediate effect. The information, and, in particular, the recommendations relating to the application and end-use of
Astral Ltd, construction chemical products, are given in good faith based on our knowledge and experience of the products when properly stored, handled and applied under suitable favourable conditions in
accordance with application instructions recommended in product technical data sheet. In practice, the differences in materials, substrates and actual site conditions are such that no warranty in respect of
merchantability or of fitness for a particular purpose, nor any liability arising out of any legal relationship whatsoever, can be inferred either from this information, or from any written recommendations, or from
any other advice offered. For the products on which company is offering warranty, please refer to warranty document to know entire terms and conditions. The same can be availed on request or from company
website. The values mentioned in the above tables in technical data sheet are obtained in controlled lab conditions when tested properly by competent laboratory. Tolerance up to five to ten percentage on the
lower side from the above values are allowable. Astral Ltd. reserves the right to change the properties of its products without notice. The end user of the product must test the product’s suitability for the
intended application and purpose. Astral Ltd will not bear any responsibilities on the product failure if it is wrongly positioned or if improper application methodology is adopted by the user or the applicator. The
proprietary rights of third parties must be observed. All orders are accepted subject to our current terms of sale and delivery. Users must always refer to the most recent issue of the local product technical data
sheet for the product concerned, copies of which will be supplied on request. No freedom from any patent owned by Seller or others is to be inferred. Because use conditions and applicable laws may differ from
one location to another and may change with time, customer is responsible for determining whether products and the information in this document are appropriate for the customer’s use and for ensuring that
the customer’s workplace, and disposal practices are in compliance with applicable laws and other governmental enactments.

                                                     ASTRAL LIMITED
                                                     CIN: U24295GJ2009PLC058120
                                                     Registered Office: 207/1, ‘Astral House’, B/h Rajpath Club, Off S.G. Highway, Ahmedabad-380059, Gujarat, India.
                                                     P: +91 79 6621 2000 | F: +91 79 6621 2121
                                                     E-mail: customercare@astraladhesives.com   Website: www.trubuild.in
                                                                                                                                                                                                        02