
--- PAGE 1 ---
                          TRUBOND DS TAPE



                                                                                       TECHNICAL DATA SHEET VER NO. N.1

PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS

TRUBUILD TRUBOND DS TAPE is a cold applied double-sided tape with pressure sensitive adhesive and release liner on
both sides. Its adhesive provides perfect bonding with pre-applied HDPE Waterprooﬁng membranes and concrete.



                                                      FEATURES & ADVANTAGES









                             EFFECTIVE PROTECTION             APPLICABLE ON PLASTIC,           LOW TEMPERATURE
                             AGAINST GROUND WATER         RUBBER & CONCRETE SURFACES               RESISTANCE




AREAS OF APPLICATION                                                                          PACKAGING



 • It is used for joining end laps of HDPE waterprooﬁng membranes.
 • It is used for overlapping HDPE membranes after cutting at site.


                                                                                                 Roll size: 10 cm wide x 30-meter length.

METHOD OF APPLICATION
Substrate must be completely clean. All grease, moisture, oil, dust, substrate coatings and other contaminants should be
removed. Trubuild Trubond DS Tapes are used to join end laps of HDPE waterprooﬁng membranes and in overlapping the
membranes after cutting at site. Remove the sand and adhesive for a width of 100 mm from the HDPE membrane at end laps
or cut edges using hot air gun and ﬁx double side tape after removing silicon liner and roll it ﬁrmly. To ensure positioning, place
the next HDPE membrane above the bare HDPE surface after the removal of sand & adhesive and align for dimensional
correction. Don’t try to press or stick. Remove the silicon liner from the double-sided tape, place the next HDPE membranes
and align the same. Press the membranes using rollers suﬃciently to get enough pressure thereby ensuring proper adhesion
at the overlap area.

TECHNICAL PROPERTIES


 S.NO.                      PROPERTIES                           STANDARDS                 RESULTS
  01.            Flexibility at low temperature, -25˚C           ASTM D1970              No Cracking
  02.      Peel Adhesion Strength with HDPE Membrane              ASTM D1876              1.25 N/mm
  03.          Peel Adhesion Strength with Concrete              ASTM D 903               0.5 N/mm

--- PAGE 2 ---
     TRUBOND DS TAPE
          TECHNICAL DATA SHEET
                           VER NO. N.1


HANDLING PRECAUTIONS
Mandatory and recommended industrial hygiene procedures should be followed whenever our products are being handled
and used. For additional information please read Material Safety Data Sheets.

STORAGE
Protect the material from moisture and direct sunlight. The material should also be free from acid, alkali, oil and organic
solvent; stored at an ambient temperature between +8˚C to + 35˚C.

SHELF LIFE
12 months from the date of manufacturing.



















































DISCLAIMER: This technical data sheet replaces all previous versions of it from the immediate effect. The information, and, in particular, the recommendations relating to the application and end-use of
Astral Ltd, construction chemical products, are given in good faith based on our knowledge and experience of the products when properly stored, handled and applied under suitable favourable conditions in
accordance with application instructions recommended in product technical data sheet. In practice, the differences in materials, substrates and actual site conditions are such that no warranty in respect of
merchantability or of fitness for a particular purpose, nor any liability arising out of any legal relationship whatsoever, can be inferred either from this information, or from any written recommendations, or from
any other advice offered. For the products on which company is offering warranty, please refer to warranty document to know entire terms and conditions. The same can be availed on request or from company
website. The values mentioned in the above tables in technical data sheet are obtained in controlled lab conditions when tested properly by competent laboratory. Tolerance up to five to ten percentage on the
lower side from the above values are allowable. Astral Ltd. reserves the right to change the properties of its products without notice. The end user of the product must test the product’s suitability for the
intended application and purpose. Astral Ltd will not bear any responsibilities on the product failure if it is wrongly positioned or if improper application methodology is adopted by the user or the applicator. The
proprietary rights of third parties must be observed. All orders are accepted subject to our current terms of sale and delivery. Users must always refer to the most recent issue of the local product technical data
sheet for the product concerned, copies of which will be supplied on request. No freedom from any patent owned by Seller or others is to be inferred. Because use conditions and applicable laws may differ from
one location to another and may change with time, customer is responsible for determining whether products and the information in this document are appropriate for the customer’s use and for ensuring that
the customer’s workplace, and disposal practices are in compliance with applicable laws and other governmental enactments.

                                                       ASTRAL LIMITED
                                                       CIN: U24295GJ2009PLC058120
                                                       Registered Office: 207/1, ‘Astral House’, B/h Rajpath Club, Off S.G. Highway, Ahmedabad-380059, Gujarat, India.
                                                       P: +91 79 6621 2000 | F: +91 79 6621 2121
                                                       E-mail: customercare@astraladhesives.com   Website: www.trubuild.in